---
layout: post
title: "bali 2017"
date: 2017-12-31
categories:
description:
image: /assets/media/caution-monkeys.jpg
image-sm: /assets/media/caution-monkeys-sm.jpg
---

## work work work

At some point you might need to get some work done. Too bad Bali stands for "Bad And Lousy Internet".

Ubud for example had so many options for cafes with great food and coffee. Almost every place offers free wifi at some point, but when it comes to speed they differ a lot. In most cafes I got a few mbit down and often <1 mbit up. While this is fine for some tasks it didn't work out for video calls / screensharing. As sim cards can be bought everywhere and data is cheap (I paid 100k IRP for 4GB) this is definitely an option. I did a few calls on a tethered connection via my phone. It wasn't perfect but not too bad. You might want data for using maps or uber on the go as well.

For most of my work I decided to got for one of the coworking spaces: Hubud. They have different plans depending on your needs and how long you stay there. Working barefoot in a house mostly made out of bamboo was a nice experienced and brings you that feeling of relaxing while still working. Also great good coffee, cake and free water to keep you hydrated. They do many events for their members.

A short notice on electricity: I experienced short power outage a few times, but it always came back after a few minutes max. Just make sure your devices are charged ;-) In Hubud, even when the lights went out, the internet worked. No big deal.

## accommodation
- guest houses
- villa
- hotel

## getting around
Taxi drivers have a very bad reputation. Sadly by good cause. On the airport they are waiting in thousands (okay, maybe a hundred) to rip you off for a high price. Our first airbnb host organized a driver that was waiting for us. On the one side this makes sure you find the place and on the other hand you don't have to fight with the drivers.

Uber and GoJek (uber-like service) are available and in many times the cheapest option, but not much appreciated in the local community. They call upfront to confirm pickup spot. Try not to order an uber in the main streets and maybe let them pick you up right in front of your hotel or house.

## things to do

- ubud palace
- walk
- food
- yoga
- ...
