---
layout: post
title: "Jonas' core values"
date: 2018-04-04
categories:
description: "Core values in wich I believe doing the work I do"
image: /assets/media/values.jpg
image-sm: /assets/media/values-sm.jpg
---
A few personal core values I have developed while working in the IT industry over the last years. While there is clearly room for improvement, this is not meant to denounce the general industry, but my personal values which are important to me.

- **But first: People**. I want to listen before I talk, be emphatic and base my relationships on trust and open communication.
- I want to **empower and enable** people to do great, not micro-manage them. I treat others as responsible human beings and assume that they can make good decisions when they have all the information.
- **Diversity**: I believe we can achieve more with different mind-sets and creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive.
- **Learning by exploring**. I want to do the right thing and learn from mistakes without creating an atmosphere where the fear of failure takes over the urge for improvement.
- **Transparent communication and vision**. By communicating the things we want to achieve as a team, everybody can act accordingly and help moving forward.

I am always trying my best to act in accordance to those words. While I will be making mistakes in my decisions, I do my very best to be with most integrity. I encourage the people around me (may them be clients, friends, co-workers or anything else) to measure me based on those values.
